Switch skip_session_data to send_session_data (#24)
appsignal/appsignal-elixir-plug: .changesets/use-send_session_data-instead-of-skip_session_data.md

---
bump: "patch"
type: "change"
---

> The `skip_session_data` config option is now deprecated in favor of `send_session_data`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the plug integration to listen to the `send_session_data` config option, instead of `skip_session_data`. The `send_session_data` config option is backwards compatible with the `skip_session_data` config option.
```
